Introduction:
	-	System should allow a virtual citytour with one guide and multiple students over long distances in realtime.
		-> Shared Virtual Enviroment
	-	Using Augmented Reality for the Guide and virtual Reality for the Students.
	-	System should scale with multiple Students in the future.
	-	For now only one student

Test Phase:
	- Let user test all the features.


Tasks:

1. 	In the left part of Horrea is on the left side a roman vase. 
	Please explain to the student, that this is a typical roman vase and show the attached video to the student.
2. 	Let the student compare this vase to a greek vase and a roman clay vase and then show him the additional informations about them (Hint: Tangibles)
3. 	Go back to the Porta Nigra and show the text and the video to the student
4.  Compare the old Porta Nigra to the Porta Nigra today



Questions:

1.	You just tested a system using augmented reality to guide a student through a virtual city. 
	What advantages or disadvantages do you see using augmented reality in comparison to a normal Desktop-Application?


2.	In the beginning you got a short introduction into the system and got some time to get familiar with the system.
    How difficult was the workflow to understand and why? (MapHub, Pickup-Shovel, Tangibles)
    How difficult was the interface to understand and why? Did you know which buttons to press?
    How difficult was the object interaction to understand and why? 
    What was the hardest part of this system to understand and why?
    what was the easiest part of this system to understand and why?

3.	To interact with a student he/she had to be picked up from a Map-Hub via a Pickup-Shovel.
	Do you think this workflow does scale well with multiple students?

	What do you think about this workflow in general?

4.	After the introduction and some testing time you had to perform a few tasks.
    Did you miss any interactions with the player to perform these tasks well and if yes, which?
    Did you miss any interactions with the objects to perform these taskswell and if yes, which?
	Did you feel to have a sufficient amount of control over the environment to perfom these tasks well?

	What additional interaction-techniques did you miss?


5.	In the test you were only able to communicate with the student via voicechat.
	Which additional communication channels would you recommend.


6.	In this test you used a common mobile device and therefore you just had one free hand.
	Do you think this had an significant impact on your performance?

	What were the most critical parts where this had an impact.

	Can you think of any ways to counter this problem? (Like e.g. mechanical Tangibles, HMD)


7.	Apart from everything already mentioned.
	What are additional features you would like to see in this system.
	
	
8.	More Comments?